So we're now using controllers and this already makes our routes files much easier to read.
Now one other thing I want to do is I want to outsource that multer logic into its own file.
We don't have to do that
but technically, it's a middleware
and even though we only used the middleware in the posts.js file here and therefore adding it
there is absolutely fine,
we could be using it in other files too
and I really just want to have my routes in here. So I will grab all that multer related code, including
that mime type constant and cut it and create a new middleware in the middleware folder and I will
name it file.js, you can name the file whatever you want.
I will drop in the code
I just cut, go back to my posts.js
routes file and grab that multer import which I now don't need in that file anymore.
Go back to file.js again and add the import here because here, we do need it. Now
this current setup doesn't create the middleware, it just creates the config for it,
so I will go back to posts.js
and we always use multer like this. So I will actually grab that code,
go back to the file.js file and export this at the bottom, with module exports equal to this line of
code where I initialize multer with our storage config here.
This is what I export in my file.js file and therefore, I can go back to posts.js and import this.
I'll duplicate the CheckAuth middleware import and in this extract file because that seems like a
reasonable name and I will import that from the file.js file and now would just add extract file, like
this.
And with that added, we can of course and we have to do the same for the put route, extract file. And now
all routes are really condensed and we really just have the route setup in that posts.js
file now.
Now with all these changes,
let's see if that still works
and for that, I will first of all delete all the uploaded images because we don't need them anymore
and now we'll go back to my app and there of course, the images will be missing now
and I will simply delete all posts, so that we start from scratch and can't delete that last post because
we didn't create it as it seems.
Let's quickly login as the different user who did this
and now everything is cleared and we saw that deleting worked,
let's now create a new post,
spring is here.
Let's pick our spring
image and add some content.
Saving works and I can see the image here, so this is looking good.
Let's edit this,
let's pick a different image like tools and save that post
and now here, this also works.
So we still seem to have working routes,
for completeness sake, let's also try creating a new user,
works too.
So now we got working routes and with that, we got a cleaner set up on the back-end and we're now prepared
to turn our heads towards the front-end.
What can we optimize there?